Clarify docs on accumulating into arrays in prange (#4170)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/parallel.rst

of the reduction is inferred automatically for ``+=`` and ``*=`` operators.
For other functions/operators, the reduction variable should hold the identity
value right before entering the ``prange`` loop.  Reductions in this manner

> are supported for scalars and for arrays of arbitrary dimensions. Care should be

Reviewer: I think it would be better if this section on what not to do was moved to right before the negative example you included below.

taken, however, as reducing into slices or elements of an array is not supported 
if the elements specified by the slice or index is written to simultaneously by 

> multiple parallel threads. The compiler will not detect such cases and may result 

Reviewer: The compiler does have some code for race detection so I might reword this as "The compiler may not detect such cases  and then a race condition would occur."

of the reduction is inferred automatically for ``+=`` and ``*=`` operators.
For other functions/operators, the reduction variable should hold the identity
value right before entering the ``prange`` loop.  Reductions in this manner

> are supported for scalars and for arrays of arbitrary dimensions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are supported for scalars and for arrays of arbitrary dimensions.
```

        return result1

Care should be taken, however, when reducing into slices or elements of an array 
if the elements specified by the slice or index are written to simultaneously by 
multiple parallel threads. The compiler may not detect such cases and then a race condition
would occur.

The following example demonstrates such a case where a race condition in the execution of the 
parallel for-loop results in an incorrect return value::

    from numba import njit, prange
    import numpy as np

    @njit(parallel=True)
    def prange_wrong_result(x):
        n = x.shape[0]
        y = np.zeros(4)
        for i in prange(n):
            # accumulating into the same element of `y` from different
            # parallel iterations of the loop results in a race condition
            y[:] += x[i]

        return y

> as does the following example where explicitly specifying the accumulating element::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as does the following example where the accumulating element is explicitly specified::
```
perhaps ^ ?
